.TH GUII 1 guii3\-VERSION
.SH NAME
guii \- unified launcher for iiwm and iist
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B guii
.RB [ \-v ]
.P
.B iiwm
.RB [ \-v ]
.P
.B iist
.RB [ \-a ]
.RB [ \-A
.IR alpha ]
.RB [ \-c
.IR class ]
.RB [ \-f
.IR font ]
.RB [ \-g
.IR geometry ]
.RB [ \-n
.IR name ]
.RB [ \-o
.IR iofile ]
.RB [ \-T
.IR title ]
.RB [ \-t
.IR title ]
.RB [ \-w
.IR windowid ]
.RB [[ \-e ]
.IR command
.RI [ arguments ...]]
.P
.B iist
.RB [ \-a ]
.RB [ \-A
.IR alpha ]
.RB [ \-c
.IR class ]
.RB [ \-f
.IR font ]
.RB [ \-g
.IR geometry ]
.RB [ \-n
.IR name ]
.RB [ \-o
.IR iofile ]
.RB [ \-T
.IR title ]
.RB [ \-t
.IR title ]
.RB [ \-l
.IR line ]
.RB [ \-w
.IR windowid ]
.RB [ \-v ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B guii
is a unified binary that contains both a dynamic window manager (iiwm) and 
a simple terminal emulator (iist). The specific application launched depends 
on the name used to invoke the binary.
.P
When invoked as
.B iiwm
(typically through a symlink), it launches the dynamic window manager.
.P
When invoked as
.B iist
(typically through a symlink), it launches the simple terminal emulator.
.P
When invoked as
.B guii
directly, it displays usage information.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-v
prints version information to stderr, then exits.
.SH SETUP
To use guii, create symlinks for each application:
.P
.nf
.RS
ln -s guii iiwm
ln -s guii iist
.RE
.fi
.P
Then execute ./iiwm or ./iist as needed.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR dwm (1),
.BR st (1)
.SH AUTHORS
guii3 unified launcher integration.
Based on dwm by Anselm R Garbe and st by Aurélien APTEL.
.SH LICENSE
See the LICENSE file for the terms of redistribution.